-*- mode: org -*-

Mail to: job@kloon.vn

* English
  I have taken the IELTS twice as part of applications for Monash
College (Victoria, Australia) in 2005 and RMIT Ha Noi in 2009. My
scores were 7.0 (listening 8.0, reading 7.5, writing 6, speaking 6)
and 7.5 (9.0, 9.0, 5.5, 5.5), respectively. I read and listen to
English most of all after spending one year at Monash.

* Education
Near the end of my K12 education in 2006, I got so bored of studying
just for graduation that I opted to go to Monash for a Bachelor of
Computing. I caught some health problem early 2007, and moved back
to Vietnam. Since then, I took up 3 trainee programmer positions, and
attended RMIT Ha Noi for half a semester. I figured that formal
education does not suit me well, thus I picked up learning on my own
volition. I have no formal qualification beyond middle school.

* Linux configuration
I have extensive experience working in Linux environment. I used to
run daily Ubuntu, then unstable and experimental Debian, finally
switched to Arch Linux to enjoy the easy package creation, and still
maintain some packages on the Arch User Repository. I also
contributed to some personally useful packages.

I spent much time on various web sites, and have customized them for
efficient browsing using Stylish, Greasemonkey, Firebug, and
Pentadactyl. My desktop environment is similarly streamlined for agile
keyboard-or-mouse navigation. The config files are tracked in a git
repository at <http://gitorious.org/hdhoang-misc/>.

* PHP & MySQL

I run a personal web server at <https://cmalu.zahe.me/> with a dual
stack ipv4-ipv6 and enforced HTTPS configuration
<http://gitorious.org/hdhoang-misc/main/blobs/master/system-config/cmalu/lighttpd.conf>.

My PHP experience is limited to setting up PHPMyID on that server. I
have since switched to delegated OpenID, and then forgotten about
OpenID altogether. Neither have I used any dynamic web framework. The
closest I had tried was a no-comment blog with PyBlosxom.

My only experience with SQL so far is grafting some misplaced rows in
my second employer's MS SQL db. The process was simple and foolproof,
but required manual editing at each step. Back then I hadn't developed
the principle of DRY3: "Don't repeat yourself for the third time".

My coding-related skills include the git VCS (mostly with github-style
independent cooperation), the emacs editor, text encoding, Unix
utilities, and digging through documentations, bug reports, source
code for answers.

I find the email obfuscation on kloon.vn quite baffling: the salt is
sprinkled on a variable name, while the email address is in the same
plain text format every time. I suggest encoding the salted address in
base64, and replacing the <span>-writing fallback with <noscript>.

* Persona
My biggest motivation to change a software is a clear and present
interest as an user. Next to that is when an acquaintance asks for a
favor. At previous jobs, I didn't work for income, rather to stretch
my leg some. This time I have a pressing monetary issue at hand: my
computer is complaining about the raising heat of the coming summer.

My greatest strength is a deliberate tendency to look at things I
think few others notice.

My great personality failing is being very picky on people around
me. I dropped out of my first job training because of a coworker's
music taste and the company's futile goal. I stopped with RMIT after a
disappointment in a teacher.

I dabbled at the constructed language Lojban, and even though I glaze
over other users' messages, I can understand most constructs without a
dictionary.

I was born on 1988-10-30, named Hoàng Đức Hiếu, and is single. You can
call me at +84-166-241-9526, or home number +84-4-3827-2235. My
primary email address is <hdhoang@zahe.me>. I currently live at:

   14 ngo 117 duong Nguyen Son, Gia Thuy, Long Bien, Ha Noi, Vietnam

My friend who helped me wrote this letter took the attached photo. I
like the disdainful look captured, an antithesis of Che's passionate
still.
