It sure would be nice to have a journal of the tomorrows, but
causality precluded that. Say, the girl-of-1989-or-1990 didn't show
up. Yes, there are 2 candidates, and they are both gone now. Gone
girls are my bane. I removed λ from my blist, just like Ι did many
others whose status are uninteresting to me.

Went to polygon, praticed the ignoring tenet. Kinda successful, the
only girl I get some details of is an orc-faced one in white, prolly
named Phương from the prolly-hers tooth that H tried to remind me
of. So that made it 2 girls maximum. The one in white looked familiar.

Canoc goaded me for some dota, and I also wanted to fight some pubs,
but can't work up the courage to do it. Porn and news are always in
shorter reach.

Name every journal-updating commit "journal". Its purpose is
to keep the rambling going with transparent timestamps, not being a
checkpointed work of art. Gotta ask mom if the therapist said anything
about keeping a diary.

This journal goi jy is a replacement for the imaginary conversations I had
with people in my head goi ibu. ibu have the voice I have heard of
them, but only make simple responses, if any. These imaginations are
the reason I distrust my memories.

Mom said the therapist didn't mention keeping a diary.

So exhausted I'm not sure I can keep up with a job at kloon.

exc prodded about a job with lqthai. Didn't remember that I worked
under him for 1 week.

Drained some tequila+salt+lime from dk's first pay. Came home to exc's
link of long's startup. "Kinda like SO" "Requiring JS is below SO".

 The world is pretty small. Try looking into some non-comp fields.

Jo asked about a trip to some resort in KH, in summer. Prolly after
Aug. Securing some tickets shouldn't be difficult.

Gonna resend the kloon letter now.

"Commit or it didn't happen". This would help separate the imagined
from the happened: make the imagined the happened.

Went with 10 D2s for their capt's birthday. jo introduced me to CD for the 3rd or so time. What the hell.

Been dreaming a lot more lately. shiiiit. Sounds like they are
planning to get some rocks off, 1m, .7m, added but haven't been online
for several days. How long ago was that remark on grown-up
entertainment?

Gotta fill my head with happened voices, so that imaginary voices
don't take over. Do I have to understand the words? Does imagined
voices of book characters count? That would suck major baals.

Started having trouble separating dreamed events from the happened.

jo offered to help with CD. She looks conventional, and I don't want
to make those deviant unless they want that. And she seemed hung up on
the name of a previous love, it wouldn't be nice to take advantage of
that. Unless that was me, in which case it would be sad. Strangely, jo
asked about Lien before CD. Kinda like some time ago. Even though
she's currently occupied. Hm, wouldn't it be nice if she's poly?

TG seems to like me.

Going over last.fm weekly charts, looking for loved ones and finding
holes.

Been having trouble getting up lately, with some stoned limb.

Met jo's friends at APU. My's sister Linh Zin is almost identical to a VXQ guy
it's goddamn unnerving.

The prost finally got on thrown on the table.

Here comes May, here goes me.

Started to recall some person-looks-like-person instances.

Started chatting up ibu a lot more. Not that they have any response other than
nodding agreement.

Seems my up-season is feb-apr and sep-nov.

Echo.

Ain't gonna get called for dota anymore. zing!

Started telling jo & dk about the phases.

Lots of scrobbling in 2010-06. Pattern busted. Use gnuplot, eyeballing lf just
brings on confusion.

Walk whatever way.

dk said I stopped buying wards. It's true.

Might this come from reading novels and watching movies? other worlds.

Never got around to any pub game.

Jo booked a freelance job. Let's roll. Stopped. Doing shits I don't like is too
exhausting. Working with the most amicable guy in the favorite languages, still
didn't help. jo loaded up dk and luc on this.

Jo sponsored a pack of condoms. 'read the instruction'. jbopre had this
discussion before, jacking off with a condom on to get used to the feel.

Sigh, started unsubbing some feeds, AUR, fedora.
